update d3m doc (#276)
makerdao/governance-manual: module-index/module-dai-direct-deposit.md

# Dai Direct Deposit

>**Alias:** D3M, DDM, Direct DAI Deposit  
>**Primary Contract Name:** `D3MHub`  

> >**Secondary Contracts:** Numerous  

Reviewer: Just list the other contract template names? Also, should use the chainlog names to match with other docs.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53664591/221596018-583aebfc-8934-40a0-bb0e-aa7acdc4c2ab.png)

In places where there are multiple contracts that are templated, we use dollarsign to represent a parameter. Ie:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53664591/221596307-efeddfea-feea-43f5-8644-5107f92a6556.png)

Suggest DIRECT_$TARGET_DAI_POOL/PLAN/ORACLE in this case.

Author: fixed

Author: also changed D3M_HUB to DIRECT_HUB to match the chainlog

>**Etherscan Link:** [0x12F36cdEA3A28C35aC8C6Cc71D9265c17C74A27F](https://etherscan.io/address/0x12f36cdea3a28c35ac8c6cc71d9265c17c74a27f)  

> >**Scope:** A contract (or set of contracts) per deposit target.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Scope:** A set of secondary contracts per deposit target.  
```

The primary purpose of the D3M is to expand the reach of the DAI stablecoin by providing DAI directly to other lending protocols. In addition, it allows the Maker Protocol to earn a yield on the DAI deposited in these protocols, thus creating a source of income.

> Further, it allows Maker the potential to undercut centralized stablecoins on these lending protocols. By providing DAI directly on other lending protocols, Maker could ensure that the borrow rate for DAI on those protocols is almost always below the borrow rate for centralized stablecoins. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Further, it gives Maker the ability to undercut centralized stablecoins on these lending protocols. By providing DAI directly on other lending protocols, Maker can ensure that the borrow rate for DAI on those protocols is almost always below the borrow rate for centralized stablecoins. 
```

Finally, it is likely that the D3M module is triggered during volatile markets as borrowing rates on lending protocols also tend to fluctuate heavily during such periods. The module assures DAI users on the lending protocol that the lending/borrowing rates remain predictable making DAI a better choice than other stablecoins.

> ## Technical Information

Reviewer: Not sure this is necessary at this level of documentation? At the least, it's less important than the parameters, and should appear lower down in the document.

Author: moved lower down, this was one of chatgpt's additions

The ETH-A stability fee acts as a proxy for the cost to borrow DAI using the Maker Protocol. It has traditionally been the largest non-PSM vault type in Maker.

The spread is expressed as an annual percentage rate. A spread of 0% indicates that the cost to borrow DAI on the target lending protocol should equal the cost to borrow DAI in the ETH-A vault type over one year.

For example, a spread of -0.5% implies that the cost to borrow DAI on the target lending protocol should be 0.5% cheaper than on the Maker Protocol over one year. Conversely, a spread of 0.5% implies that the cost to borrow DAI on the target lending protocol should be 0.5% more expensive than on the Maker Protocol over one year.

It is crucial to note that the effective borrow rate for DAI on the target lending protocol may be affected by rewards offered by the lending protocol in question. Currently, these additional rewards are not considered while comparing borrow rates.

> ### Formulas

Reviewer: You removed the Target Borrow rate here? Might make sense to go, but if so, spread should probably come out of meta-parameters as well.

Author: Yeah putting it back in, should've changed it rather than removing it. It was still the old formula that accounted for staking rewards etc

For example, a spread of -0.5% implies that the cost to borrow DAI on the target lending protocol should be 0.5% cheaper than on the Maker Protocol over one year. Conversely, a spread of 0.5% implies that the cost to borrow DAI on the target lending protocol should be 0.5% more expensive than on the Maker Protocol over one year.

It is crucial to note that the effective borrow rate for DAI on the target lending protocol may be affected by rewards offered by the lending protocol in question. Currently, these additional rewards are not considered while comparing borrow rates.

### Formulas

The following formulas may be used when calculating the values for the Debt Ceiling and Target Borrow Rate. Note it is not necessary to use these formulas and Governance can choose to use different methods when setting these parameters.

#### Debt Ceiling

The Debt Ceiling can be calculated using the following formula:

``Debt Ceiling = Maximum Share * Total DAI Supply (Platform)``

#### Target Borrow Rate

``Target Borrow Rate = ETH-A Stability Fee + Spread``

> ## Technical Information

Reviewer: Maybe use the chainlog names here as well? Not super worried though.

Author: I thought in main text we were trying to stick to human readable names?
